Please sneak attack me Shenyunzong humph
Is Shenyunzong amazing?
I'm just getting my stuff back
I just want to go one step further
Hahahahahahaha Tang Arm as a car
Your father Xiao Jingshan is dead
You are next.
On that day I bloodied in the clouds
I didn't expect you, a mouse, to survive
I've been waiting for you for a long time.
Hahahaha
You and I are worlds apart now
Hand over your bones and give me a hundred kowtows
I will spare you
Yi Feng's dead man is different from the previous one
Don't be impulsive.
Xiao Yifeng, how did I let you die back then?
Now let you die again
I see that the old boy is going to be rampant
Ancestor, you old bone
Today I will send you to the ground
Xiao Jingshan is my best friend
I will avenge him today, old boy
Hahahaha
Check out anyway